Bootstrap
---------
containers
----------
container are a fundamental building block of bootstrap that contain ,pad,and align your content within a given device or viewport
bootstrap comes with three different containers :
.container, which sets a max-width at each responsive breakpoint

.container-fluid, which is width: 100% at all breakpoints
.container-fixed, which has a fixed width and does not account for screen size change

.container-{breakpoint}, which is width: 100% until the specified breakpoint

fluid containers
----------------
.container-fluid for a full width container,spanning the entire width of the viewport.


Buttons
-------
use bootstrap custom button styles for  actions in forms, dialogs, and more with support for multiple sizes ,states ,and more 
buttons are styled using .btn class
we can use classes

Grid system
------------
Bootstrap's grid system is responsive, and the columns will re-arrange depending on the screen size: On a big screen it might look better with the content organized in three columns, but on a small screen it would be better if the content items were stacked on top of each other.

Table
-------
A basic Bootstrap table has  a light padding and only horizontal dividers

Alert
-----
bootstrape provides an easy way to create predefined alert messages
alert are created with the .alert class , followed by one of the four contextual classes .alert-success,.alert-info,.alert-warning or .alert-danger  

pagination
----------
we have a website  with lots of pages , you may wish to add some sort of pagination to each page

To create a basic  pagination ,add the  .pagination class to an <ul> element


pager
--------

pager is also a from of pagination pager provides previous and next buttons 

image
------
The .img-rounder class adds rounded corners to an image
The .imag-circle class shapes the image to a circle
The .imag-thumbnail class shapes the images to a thumbali

Progress Bars
-------------

A progress bar can be used to show how far a user is in a process

To create a default progress bar ,add the class to its child element. Use the css width property width of the progress bar

List group
----------
The most basic list group is an unordered list with list items to create a basic list group ,use an <ul> element with class .list-geroup,and l<i> elements with  class list-group-item


Dropdown
---------
The dropdown class is used to indicate a dropdown menu
To open the dropdown menu use a button or a link with a class of dropdown-toggle and data-toggle="dropdown"

collapse
---------
The collapse class is used to hide content that will not fit within its container. It uses JavaScript, so make sure you include the jQuery library located

Tabs
----
Tabs are useful for organizing content into distinct sections, improving navigation and usability. Bootstrap offers tab components with customizable styles and behavior.
.nav-tabs class

navbar
-------
The Bootstrap navbar component provides a responsive navigation bar that adapts to different screen sizes, ensuring easy access to site navigation on both desktop and mobile devices.
A standard navigation bar is created with the .navbar class
Add the .justify-content-center class to center the navigation bar
.bg-color classes to change the background color of the navbar

input type
----------
Bootstrap supports various input types, including text fields, checkboxes, radio buttons, and more, with consistent styling and behavior across different browsers.

Modals & Popover
---------------
Bootstrap's modal and popover components allow developers to create modal dialogs and pop-up tooltips, enhancing interactivity and user engagement.

Border
------
Border utility is used to set the style of the border element. The border styles can be of border, border-top-0, border-end-0,border-bottom-0,border-start-0.

Colors
-------
background colors are: .bg-primary, .bg-success, .bg-info, .bg-warning, .bg-danger, .bg-secondary, .bg-dark and .bg-ligh

Display flexbox
---------------
container and to transform direct children into flex items, use the d-flex class
*.flex-row to display the flex items horizontally (side by side).

Display property
-----------------
d-inline- Controls the display behavior of elements, making them display as block,
inline, or inline-block respectively.
d-sm-none, d-md-none, d-lg-none, d-xl-none,d-xxl-none: Hides elements on different screen sizes.

Display postion
----------------
position-absolute
position-static
position-relative
position-fixed 
position-sticky







